Add CITATION.cff lesson material and exercise (#53)
carpentries-incubator/good-practices-lesson: episodes/3-documentation.md

TODO: What they are, suggest zenodo, pytest, code coverage, documentation, licence.
Link to shields.io

### Citation

> - It is very easy to correctly cite a paper: all the necessary information (metadata) can be found on the title page or the article website. Software and datasets have no title page, the relevant information is often less obvious.
> - To get credit for your work, you should provide citation information for your software. 
> - One way to do this is by including a [CITATION.cff](https://citation-file-format.github.io/) file (Citation File Format) in the root of your repository. This plain text file, written in YAML format, contains all the necessary citation details in a structured manner. 
> - Platforms like GitHub, Zenodo, and Zotero reuse the citation metadata you provide. GitHub, for example, automatically renders file on the repository landing page and provide BibTeX snippet which users can simply copy! 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is easy to correctly cite a paper: all the necessary information (metadata) can be found on the title page or the article website. 

Software and datasets have no title page, the relevant information is often less obvious. To get credit for your work, you should provide citation information for your software. 

A good way to add citation information is by including a [CITATION.cff](https://citation-file-format.github.io/) file (Citation File Format) in the root of your repository. This plain text file, written in YAML format, contains all the necessary citation details in a structured manner. 

Platforms like GitHub, Zenodo, and Zotero reuse the citation metadata you provide. GitHub, for example, automatically renders the file on the repository landing page and provides a BibTeX snippet which users can simply copy! 
```

Reviewer: I suggest to use paragraphs instead of bulletpoints, and I rephrased things a little bit and fixed typos.

> #### Minimal example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Minimal example for a CITATION.cff file
```

```yaml
authors:
  - family-names: Doe
    given-names: John
cff-version: 1.2.0
message: "If you use this software, please cite it using the metadata from this file."
title: "My research software"
```
We can also include other important information of software such as version, release date, DOI, license, keywords.

#### How to create a CITATION.cff file?

You can use [cffinit](https://citation-file-format.github.io/cff-initializer-javascript/) tool to create citation file. 

:::challenge
### Exercise: Create a CITATION.cff using cffinit
1. Follow [these](https://book.the-turing-way.org/communication/citable/citable-cffinit) steps to create a CITATION file with cffinit.

> 1. Give this file CITATION.cff name and add it to the root folder of your repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Rename the created file to `CITATION.cff` and add it to the root folder of your repository.
```
